docs: Specify that the region is mandatory when running saucectl run (#2530)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/api-testing/integrations/yaml.md

Specifies through which Sauce Labs data center tests will run. Valid values are: `us-west-1` or `eu-central-1`.

:::note

> `region` is mandatory and should be set either in the Sauce Config file or by using the `--region` flag.

Reviewer: It's just confusing to say `region` is mandatory when above its marked as OPTIONAL. Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
If you do not specify a region in your config file, you must set it when running your command with the `--region` flag.
```
